Function Definition:
--------------------
The collection of program statements(code) in C that describes the specific task done by the function 
is called function Definition.
It consists the codes for a function name.
The function Definition creates the actual function memory.

Syntax:
        Return-type function-name(Formal-Parameters List){
            Local variables decalarations;
            statements;
            return (express);
        }

Example:
        int add(int x, int y){
            int z;
            z = x + y;
            return z;
        }

A function Definition consists of two parts 
    1. Function Header.
    2. Function Body.

1.Function Header:
-----------------------
The function header consists of three parts 
    i) the return type.
    ii) the function name.
    iii) the formal Parameters list.

NOte :
return-type specifies the type of data that the function is expected to return to its calling function.
In the absence of any data type, the type int is assumed by default by c compiler.
If we don't want to return any value from our function then we must use void type with our function header .

return-type is followed by the function name.
function name can be any valid c identifier.
the parameters to the function are contained in the formal paramter list.
The formal-parameter list is contained inside the paranthesis followed by the function name.
The formal-parameter list define and declares the variables that will contain the data received by the function.
This parameter list is always required.
If the function has no parameters which means it doesn't receives any data from the calling function then 
we can leave the parameter list empty or declared with keyword void.
If we are passing more than one paramters in the formal-parameter list then each variable should declared and defined
clearly separated with a commas.



Function Body :
----------------
the function body contains the local declarations and the function statements to perform some specific tasks
enclosed with in pair of curly braces.
Note: 
The function body starts with the local Definition that specify the variables needed by the function.
After the local definition the function statements, terminating with the return statement is coded.
If function return type is void , it can be written without a return statement.
It is strongly reccomended that the every function, even a void function should have a return statement.



